Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610
"May God protect us from the accursed Satan.
In the name of Allah. the Most Gracious. the Most Merciful.
...Master of the Day of Judgment.
You alone we worship. and to You alone we turn for help.
Guide us on the straight path.
the path of those
upon whom You have bestowed grace.
not of those who incurred Your wrath.
nor of those who went astray."
Amen.
The Al-Fatiha for the soul of
Yosef Salem Muhammad al-Heib.
"To God we belong
and to Him we return."
My beloved Yosef.
God willing. soon
I will avenge your blood.
Rest in peace.
May Allah forgive you. Salem.
What are you doing here.
you madman?
I'm a madman?
You idiot.
You almost took my head off.
You come and sneak up to my house.
what do you think will happen. huh?
I wasn't sure this was the place.
Your phone is off and your neighbors
aren't exactly the people to ask.
Quite the tracker.
It's nice here. Quiet.
- Yeah.
How's your head? Calm?
Some days yes. some days no.
For me it gets worse day by day.
You know. a father loves
all his children.
but Yosef was something special.
- Yeah.
At home I have no one left to talk to
and Nuzha. she has no strength
to hear my sorrow anymore.
So you landed on me?
You want to marry me?
Take a second wife? Huh. Abu Musa?
What about you?
Do you pray to God every day?
Waiting for Him to come take me already.
I swear to you by Almighty God.
Abu Musa. I'm exhausted.
Looking for answers.
The truth is that...
I have something that might interest you.
There's progress in my investigation.
Something came in.
- What is it?
A new video from your and Hagit's house.
You can see Yosef there
and the son of a bitch who did it.
His name is Iyad Dahduh.
The son of a bitch fled Gaza through the Rafah
crossing during the second ceasefire.
He disguised himself as wounded.
Today he lives in Marseille.
He has a business. a family.
Like nothing happened.
Where did you get this?
A friend sent it to me by email.
These people. if you give them a million shekels.
they'll give you anything you want.
don't you know?
Believe me. all the crap that came to me
over the past two years was a lie.
but this time it's real.
Here. see it for yourself.
My source tells me
he got it from him.
I want you to come with me to Marseille.
You want me to come with you
to Marseille?
And what will we do there?
What do you want from me?
What do you want from me.
Abu Musa?
Tell me.
does it seem reasonable to you
that this son of a bitch lives there in Marseille
like nothing happened?
I'm not there anymore.
I'm not in that place anymore. Salem.
Eli.
by God. this is blood vengeance.
Who better than you knows what
blood vengeance means?
If we don't do this. that day
will haunt us for the rest of our lives.
It's blood vengeance.
You must avenge your family's blood.
Very good.
Don't lose your focus.
Okay. now try to focus
on the memory that came up. okay?
Describe it to me.
I'm outside. outside the metal fence
and looking inside.
What do you see inside?
There's a woman there.
They're dead.
Everyone's dead.
- Describe them to me.
They're children.
Beautiful.
The age of my children.
And covered in blood.
And then there was an explosion.
Doron. where are you there?
Stay with me. Doron.
What do you see?
Lots of smoke and a smell.
A smell?
Of what?
Of flesh.
Yes.
I can't do it.
I don't understand
why I can't remember.
I'm trying to connect all the dots
and I don't understand
how I can't put it together.
You're making good progress.
We're getting closer slowly. it's okay.
I understand you want
to connect everything. but slowly.
How did eight hours of my life
just vanish?
Eight hours of my life are gone.
Doron. you're in a process
and we're on the right track.
Don't judge yourself.
I don't know if I managed
to save her.
It's driving me crazy.
I bought you something.
It's in the back. - For me? - Yes.
In the white bag there.
What's this. is it my birthday today
and I didn't know?
Nice?
Yeah.
Buttons. light blue.
You're always in those
dark shirts.
You have such beautiful eyes.
so let them show.
Thanks.
Who's this here. Eli?
What's he doing here?
What. did you talk? - No.
Look who's here.
The messiah on the pickup.
The donkey wouldn't start.
I missed you.
- Me too. - A lot.
What? Can I get a hug
or are you observing "no touching"?
Gali. you're family. it's fine.
Good. Enough.
Yalla. here you go.
Don't move your head.
only your eyes.
Okay? As I increase
the pace.
slowly the memories come.
But this thing really works.
bro.
Like. I concentrate.
the image comes up.
and then I piece together the timeline
of that day. - Seriously.
Wow. Nice. bro.
- What's up. Eli?
Salem came to visit me today.
- Really.
How's he doing? Last time
I saw him. he was a wreck.
Yeah. forget it. bro.
You don't know what it is to lose a child.
May you never know. God forbid.
Is he still looking for the Nukhba men
who murdered Yosef?
Looking with all his might.
- Seriously.
And what will he do?
Don't know.
- What. blood vengeance?
Eli. don't let him put
ideas in your head. got it?
Forget it. him and the nonsense
of his Bedouin ways.
Bro. what you and Salem went through
is the hardest thing in the world.
but nothing. nothing
will bring back Hagit and the children.
I promise you.
we won't harm you.
We follow the path of Allah.
What is he doing?
There's no one here.
You son of a bitch.
Hey. you're awake.
They're clean.
Yes.
Everything okay?
It's Eli.
He worries me. - Why?
When he was here. he talked to me
about Salem. about his son.
I'll go check
on him in the morning.
But you have a therapy session.
- Yeah.
I'll talk to Dr. Peled.
it's fine.
Doron. it's not your fault.
You don't need to take responsibility for him.
I know.
But he's alone.
He doesn't have a Gali with him.
Next in line. please.
What's the purpose of your trip?
I'm visiting a friend.
Where does he live?
Remove your hat.
Proceed to security screening. please.
Is there a problem?
Sir. proceed to security screening.
Next in line. please.
Careful with that.
Take off your shoes.
Next in line. please.
Tell me. was the search invasive?
Yalla. drive. drive.
You know that every time
I come back to Israel
they give me this search?
Very good.
That's how it should be with you Arabs.
Yalla. drive. drive.
Goddammit.
I was just at Eli's.
So? Calmed down? - Not really.
He's not there.
He's not answering my calls.
I asked the kids in the community there.
they told me he left last night.
- Okay.
So where are you?
- I'm on my way to Rahat. to Salem.
Maybe those two madmen
are sitting there together. - Okay.
Okay. I'll talk to you later.
okay? - Bye. - Bye. babe. bye.
Musa. Salaam alaikum.
I served with your father.
May I come in?
Salaam alaikum.
- Wa alaikum salaam.
I'm Doron Kabilio.
- I know who you are.
I saw you earlier.
May I have a few words with you?
Please.
Since Yosef's death.
the devil controls his thoughts.
He doesn't stop thinking
about the idea of revenge.
When did you last see him?
Last night.
I saw him packing a suitcase.
When I woke up in the morning I couldn't find him.
And how was he?
How has he been these past days?
Listen.
I want to show you something.
Only he has a key.
He didn't allow anyone to enter.
For long hours
he shut himself in here.
He offered a reward of one million shekels
to anyone who could reach the Nukhba men
who murdered Yosef.
Did he get a lot of calls?
Dozens.
Hundreds. maybe.
He checked every single detail. every number.
He was busy with nothing but this.
Is this his?
Yes.
I don't know the password.
May I take it?
- Where?
To a friend of mine.
He knows computers.
All right.
Salaam alaikum.
- Wa alaikum salaam.
Tell me. is Rami around?
- Who's asking?
Tell him al-Badawi (the Bedouin).
One minute.
Come in.
Salaam alaikum.
Where's the money?
Here. it's right here.
Here you go.
Now it's your turn.
This restaurant is his.
Go to him at the end of the evening.
there won't be many people with him.
but very "heavy" people
come there.
How did you find him?
Since the war.
a lot of Gazans have come here.
Everyone's quiet except Dahduh.
he doesn't shut his mouth.
One day he showed me a video.
I said to him. "Why did you kill that
poor kid? He's an Arab."
Know what he answered me?
He told me. "He's cursed. son of the cursed.
He's a dog of the Jews."
Anything else?
What about the thing I asked you for?
I told you.
that involves another 20 thousand.
Here. you've got it all here.
Our product will reveal your true
financial performance online.
The most important thing is
that this service is completely confidential.
You understand that. of course.
In order to...
It took my people three minutes
to break into the computer.
Good thing you came with this.
We follow the path of Allah.
Khalas. I promise you.
This is Eli's house in the kibbutz.
Open the door!
Inside the safe room is Yosef. who lived next to them.
Salem's son.
In the name of Allah. the Most Gracious. the Most Merciful.
You son of a bitch.
I used the connections I have left
in the service to run facial recognition.
The one filmed here
is Iyad Dahduh.
A Nukhba terrorist
who now lives in Marseille.
What do you mean Marseille?
- Marseille. as in Marseille.
And guess who boarded
flight 322 there this morning.
Okay. so what do we do?
- Good question.
Huh. Gabi?
What did you want?
What happened?
Did someone die?
Meet Liah. Liah. this is
Doron. an old friend from the service.
I've heard a few stories.
Nice to finally meet.
- Likewise. nice to meet you.
What's this? What are you looking at there?
- None of your business.
Tell me. what's happening with the supply
of the connectors for the system?
We have the meeting tomorrow.
I need to come with answers.
We're working 24/7 on the lines.
Everything will be ready right on time.
Do you know why she's called Liah?
- No.
Because of "wa-alaik. wa-aleha."
Go. go to your work.
Yalla. come on. off you go. off you go.
Who's the lady?
My fixer.
A superstar. a genius.
I pulled her from the service.
A brilliant future awaits her.
Tell me. is your passport valid?
Why? - I want to send you
on a cruise in the Maldives. that's why.
Someone needs to stop
those two madmen.
I'm not in that place. Gabi.
What do you mean you're not in that place?
Then who is?
Sagi and Nurit are in Australia.
about to have a baby.
Steve is a bodyguard for oligarchs
in London.
Gabi. you're just being hysterical.
- Doron. you have to fly now.
before your friend goes and does
something that'll ruin his life.
Hey.
I thought we were done with this already.
Eli needs me.
Doron. there's always something.
What about what you need?
Don't you remember what state you were in?
After you all
almost died in Jenin
and then October.
I remember.
Mincha? - Yalla.
"Guide us on the straight path.
the path of those
upon whom You bestowed grace.
not of those who incurred Your wrath.
nor of those who went astray."
"The great. mighty. and awesome God.
God Most High. who bestows good kindness
and possesses all.
and remembers the kindness of the fathers.
King who brings death and life and causes salvation to sprout.
and You are faithful to revive the dead.
Blessed are You. Lord..."
It's him.
Look at this son of a bitch.
how he's enjoying life.
Salem. khalas.
We'll hand his details
to the police. to intelligence. and that's it.
This is the son of a bitch
who went into your house and burned it down.
First we talk to him.
make sure it's him.
Do you understand?
Salem. do you understand?
Thank you.
- My heart. the honor is ours.
Say hi to Suria.
To your health. - Thanks.
Salaam alaikum.
- Wa alaikum salaam.
What. closing up already?
You put out the fire already?
Wallah. my brothers. as you
can see. I'm closing up.
We're begging you. brother.
we're your brothers and we're hungry.
We're after a long journey.
We came straight from the airport.
They didn't even hand out peanuts on the plane.
Please. come in.
Thank you.
Good thing the coals are still burning.
Where are you from. guys?
From Jordan. from Amman.
Wallah. from Jordan?
Do you know anyone there?
- Well. sure.
I have a big family there.
in Wihdat.
Palestinians.
We're from Aqaba.
Nice to meet you.
- Likewise.
I'm your servant Salah
and this quiet. shy man
is named Ahmad.
Nice to meet you.
- Hello to you.
I'm your servant. Iyad.
Nice to meet you. - Ahlan.
So sit and I'll make you
a great meal.
Listen. don't trouble yourself. make
us something from what you have. something light.
He who believes in Allah and the Day of Judgment
must honor his guests.
By your accent
you sound Gazan or from the Negev.
Yes. I'm Gazan. brother.
Were you there during the war?
If I'd been there during the war.
we wouldn't be standing here talking.
My family and I came here
a few years ago.
The Jews did a Nakba to us.
May Allah take vengeance on them.
Many of my friends fell as martyrs.
God is our help and our savior.
Did you have a restaurant in Gaza too?
In Gaza I had a different life.
I had a small carpentry shop
and I had it good.
When we got to Europe. I saw that people
here want everything fast and simple.
so I made them fast food.
Meaning. "IKEA."
Salaam alaikum.
Abu Muhammad?
- Yes.
People are looking for you. man. be careful.
Okay. my brothers.
I have no meat left here.
I'll go down to get some from the fridge downstairs.
All right.
Muhammad. my son.
Run to Uncle Naji.
tell him to come here quickly.
Tell him to bring a weapon with him.
Why. Dad? What happened?
- Shh... speak quietly.
Go. go. go.
Listen. tell him
to come through the back door.
Drop the knife.
Drop it.
Step back.
Step back!
Everything okay upstairs?
I locked the door.
There's not a single dog upstairs.
He tried to pull a knife. that son of a bitch.
You dog.
- No. no. please.
Please. people.
Gabi.
- Welcome.
Talk to me.
I'm sending you the address
of the target's restaurant.
Drive there.
Doron. are you with me? - What?
Yes. yes. yes. I hear you.
Repeat what you said.
I'm sending you an address.
Drive there now.
I really hope
it's not too late.
Tell the driver to go via the A-55.
- Okay. got it. Thanks.
Wake up.
Wake up!
What are you. Israelis?
Are you Jews?
He's a Jew.
but I'm...
a Muslim.
Like my son. whom you killed while he prayed
and recited the Al-Fatiha. you dog.
I swear to God I have nothing to do with it.
Khalas. I promise you...
Look carefully.
We won't harm you.
Look here.
We follow the path of Allah.
Do you see?
You son of a bitch.
Your turn will come soon.
Lucky you filmed everything.
otherwise we'd have come here
and just wasted time.
What do you say. Iyad?
You're praying? You devil.
Soon you'll burn in the fire of hell.
Wait a moment. Salem.
Look at these.
Look.
Did you kill them?
No. not me.
Do you know who killed them?
No.
My commander did it.
I can help you.
Your son too.
I have nothing to do with what happened to him.
You know.
you can't disobey orders.
What's the commander's name?
Maher Zaitoun.
He lives here.
Here. here. in Marseille.
I didn't know
that's what was going to happen there.
All I knew was that we were just
going to loot and destroy.
Liar!
You're lying? You dog.
What's his address?
He works at a center.
What center?
- A day center.
A refugee and migrant center.
He has some young guys from Gaza with him.
Hamas?
- I have nothing to do with it at all.
You see. I have a restaurant.
I'm just a low-level soldier.
I'm begging you.
I have children.
I have small children.
I'm begging you.
You dog!
Salem!
Salem. Salem.
Stay with me.
Stay with me. Salem.
Stay with me. Stay with me.
You're going to be okay. alright?
Run after him.
Don't let him escape.
Put your hand here.
Press here. okay? - Okay.
Thank you very much.
Shit.
What are you doing here. bro?
What is this?
What happened here?
Brought. fixed and synced by:
Yoav1610